Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to get you uploaded video thumbnail.
Okay.
Now to do this, rather than need to create a function and we're going to create this function before
this upload video.
So over here we can see, underscore and call.
This video gets some.
Nil.
Okay.
Now you're going to be using the weights and that is the weights.
We need to have the risk of that.
And as well, what we can do is we can pass the video parts, that is the parts to the pick the video
and all that we can specify.
It is a type of string and now we can create a final variable to store the results and we can call the
zero bottom.
Now that is going to be equal to that video compressed package.
We just start right with the compress and now we can have access to get five thumbnail.
And now I don't need to pass the video.
Parts that is part to depict video.
Right.
Okay.
So by doing this, we have access to some of the video.
So now all we need to do is to upload this.
Is to upload this video, this thumbnail.
To the storage.
Okay.
Now, to do this, all we just have to say is we can just copy this.
Copy.
Copy this.
And pastes.
And now we can sort of upload video to storage.
This is going to be upload image, right?
This is basically what we are doing.
We are getting the image from the video or you can basically call it some new.
Right.
Okay.
So they said, oh, this this is going to be did some you can just see Tom.
Some news.
Right.
So I get some news and it's says, oh, this is going to be what's.
This called get.
You can just basically copy this.
Okay.
Great.
And over here, we also need to return.
That Tom thumbnail.
Tom?
No.
Okay.
Funny, I can spell.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing is to first of all, we can, as we'll start this results in a very bukod video
URL and squats to this and we can as well await this.
So now what we can just do is to copy this.
And here's this.
And this is going to be Tom.
No.
So no.
Okay.
Now, if you forgot to know what this does, you can basically just try to repeat this lecture in case
you forgot.
What's all this?
I forgot.
You forgot to all this processes.
Okay.
This is basically it for now.
So in East Asia, rebels need to upload a video and everything to have these stories straight to the
cloud first.
Okay.
Now, for now, we can just use control.
And so we need to change this to upload.
Image.
Okay.
So now we can then use Contra and say, okay, okay guys, see you in the next lecture.